#Codebook This codebook describes where the raw data comes from and what transformations are applied to the raw data. Further it describes each variable and its value in the resulting tidy data set.##Source raw dataThe raw data is collected from the following website: https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zipThis data represents data collected from accelerometers from the Samsung Galaxy S smartphone that were carried by volunteers during a certain activity. The experiment is described in the README.txt. A full description of the data can be found in the following repository:    http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones.##Transformation processThe raw data contains of the following files:* subject_train.txt - a dataset with 7352 rows that contain an integer between 1 and 30 indicating a subject in the train set. + subject_test.txt - a dataset with 2947 rows that contain an integer between 1 and 30 indicating a subject in the test set.- X_train.txt - a dataset with 7352 rows and 561 columns that contain values for each of the 561 features that were measured for the train set. -  X_test.txt - a dataset with 2947 rows and 561 columns that contain values for each of the 561 features that were measured for the test set. - y_train.txt - a dataset with 7352 rows that contain an integer between 1 and 6 indicating a activity in the train set. - y_test.txt - a dataset with 7352 rows that contain an integer between 1 and 6 indicating a activity in the test set. - features.txt - a dataset containing labels for the features. - activity_labels.txt - a dataset containing labels for the activities.The transformation applied to these datasets are the following: Firstly the train and test sets are merged and the resulting 3 datasets are labeled. Next the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measure are selected. The other measurements/variables are omitted. Then the three datasets (containing information on subjects, activitiees and variables) are merged together and labeled.  Finally the dataset is 'melted': The average of each variable for each activity and each subject is calculated. The resulting dataset contains of 180 rows that contain for each of the 30 subjects and each of the 6 activities measures on the mean and standard deviation of 81 variables. ##Tidy data setThe tidy dataset contains 81 measurements on variables for 30 subjects that performed 6 activities while wearing a smartphone on the waist. The activities are the following: Walking, walking upstairs, walking downstairs, sitting, standing and laying. The measurements come from the accelerometer and the gyroscope 3-axial raw signals, tAcc-XYZ and tGyro-XYZ. To keep the description of variables as short as possible I will use a short notation in the form 'variable-m-std-XYZ' where possible to denote that for this variable there is a measure for both the mean, mean(), and the standard deviation, std(), in direction X and direction Y and direction Z (a total of 6 measurements). More information on the variables can be found in the dataset (features_info.txt). The variables in the tidy dataset are the average values of the following measurements: * tBodyAcc-m- std-XYZ: Body acceleration signals.+  tGravityAcc-m-std-XYZ: Body gravity acceleration signals. - tBodyAccJerk-m-std-XYZ: Jerk signals for body linear acceleration.- tBodyGyro-m-std-XYZ: Body angular velocity.- tBodyGyroJerk-m-std-XYZ: Jerk signals for body angular velocity.- tBodyAccMag-m-std: Magnitude of body acceleration signals.- tGravityAccMag-m-std: Magnitude of body gravity acceleration signals. - tBodyAccJerkMag-m-std: Magnitude of jerk signals for body linear acceleration. - tBodyGyroMag-m-std: Magnitude of body angular velocity.- tBodyGyroJerkMag-m-std: Magnitude of jerk signals for body angular velocity. - fBodyAcc-m-std-XYZ: Fast Fourier Transform applied to signals of body acceleration.- fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-XYZ: Mean frequency of the Fast Fourier Transformed body acceleration. - fBodyAccJerk-m-std-XYZ: Fast Fourier Transformed jerk signals for body acceleration. - fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-XYZ: Mean frequency of the Fast Fourier Transformed jerk signals for body acceleration. - fBodyGyro-m-std-XYZ: Fast Fourier Transformed body angular velocity. - fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-XYZ: Mean frequency of the Fast Fourier Transformed (FFT) body angular velocity. - fBodyAccMag-m-std: Magnitude of FFT body acceleration.- fBodyAccMag-meanFreq(): Mean frequency of magnitude of FFT body acceleration. - fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-m-std: Definition not found in source. - fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-meanFreq(): Definition not found in source. - fBodyBodyGyroMag-m-std: Definition not found in source. - fBodyBodyGyroMag-meanFreq(): Definition not found in source. - fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-m-std: Definition not found in source. - fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-meanFreq(): Definition not found in source. 